Remove references to ICP as confusing with LCP (#48)
WICG/soft-navigations: README.md

- The `InteractionContentfulPaint` entries report any new Element paint that _belongs to a Container_ that was modified by the Interaction.
  - See related proposal for explicit `ContainerTiming` API.

> - `InteractionContentfulPaint` (ICP) entries act as `LargestContenfulPaint` (LCP) candidates for the navigation.

Reviewer: I think the original line is fine?  I dont think the existence of a 3 letter acronym implies metric, but it useful shortcut.  I always say "ICP entry" or "LCP candidate" to differentiate a single value from an overall score

Reviewer: resolving, after discussion.  We could call this `icp` here but its not really useful.

> - `InteractionContentfulPaint` entries act as `LargestContenfulPaint` (LCP) candidates for the navigation.

Author: > I think the original line is fine? I dont think the existence of a 3 letter acronym implies metric, but it useful shortcut. I always say "ICP entry" or "LCP candidate" to differentiate a single value from an overall score

Actually I think the statement is wrong anyway and it should be this:

```suggestion
- `InteractionContentfulPaint` entries act as Largest Contentful Paint (LCP) candidates for the navigation.
```

That is `InteractionContentfulPaint` act as candidates for the LCP metric and not the `LargestContentfulPaint` entry. Also added a missing `t`.

Author: Or alternatively:

```suggestion
- `InteractionContentfulPaint` entries act as the equivalent `LargestContentfulPaint` entries for calculating LCP for the navigation.
```

But personally I find that more difficult to read with the double use of LargestContentfulPaint and LCP.

Reviewer: I like the first option-- I tried to add it to the current PR but it didn't work-- Ill let you so I dont mess it up.
